"{{RFCSubpage|closed=yes}}
{{dtop|The result is as follows:
*There is '''no consensus''' to include subtemplates with more than one sitelink. The support percentage is 63%; however the proponents have not provided rationales. 
*There is '''consensus against''' including subtemplates with only one sitelink. The support percentage is under 10%; this is a SNOW case.
*There is '''consensus''' to exclude /doc, /sandbox, /testcases, and /TemplateData pages. There is nearly unanimous support to exclude /doc, /sandobx, and /TemlateData pages and a weaker consensus to exclude /testcases pages (76% support). 
*There is '''consensus''' to include module subpages except for /doc pages. Unanimous support.
*There is '''consensus against''' including subpages of portals (40% in favor).

--[[User:Jakec|Jakob]] ([[user talk:Jakec|talk]]) 13:41, 17 February 2014 (UTC)"
"
}}

[[Wikidata:Notability]] says, subpage of a template, portal, or module aren't notable items. Ebraminio wants to including templates subpages, so this RfC's aim is to gain consensus on the question whether we want to host interwiki links for subpages (included submodule, subtemplate, etc.)--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 09:50, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
Previous discussions:
*[[Wikidata:Project chat/Archive/2013/04#Notability of items]]
*[[Wikidata:Project chat/Archive/2013/06#subtemplate]]
*[[Wikidata:Project chat#Item for Template subpages]]
<!--
==Exclude all subtemplate, submodule, subportal==

==Include all subtemplate, submodule, subportal==
-->
==Include some subtemplate==
;Discussion
I think wikidata should be used as a multilingual resources for templates, linking to existing templates and to internationalised templates that can be used on other wikimedia sites. This will need to include the facility for sitelinks to wikidata template pages as well. [[User:Filceolaire|Filceolaire]] ([[User talk:Filceolaire|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 23:08, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"

===Include subtemplates with more than one sitelink===
*{{support}} [[User:Yamaha5|Yamaha5]] ([[User talk:Yamaha5|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 11:22, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Neutral}} It mostly depends on which subpages we are talking about. This, in my opinion, must be analyzed on a case-by-case basis mostly because a lot of subtemplates that are spread across several wikis have no eventual relevance to deserve an item. Some of these subtemplates are procedurally created to ease the load of code from the main template and thus there is no real purpose to connect them between the wikis. — [[User:Hahc21|<font color=""#333333"">'''ΛΧΣ'''</font>]][[User_talk:Hahc21|<font color=""#336699"">'''<sup>21</sup>'''</font>]] 14:51, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} excluded below.--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:56, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} –[[User:Ebraminio|ebraminio]]<sup>[[User talk:Ebraminio|talk]]</sup> 18:27, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} –-[[User:Calak|Calak]] ([[User talk:Calak|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:40, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{n}} per Hahc21. --'''[[User:Rschen7754|Rs]][[User talk:Rschen7754|chen]][[Special:Contributions/Rschen7754|7754]]''' 22:15, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{S}} [[User:Filceolaire|Filceolaire]] ([[User talk:Filceolaire|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 23:04, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{n}} per Hahc21. --[[User:Nouill|Nouill]] ([[User talk:Nouill|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:41, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} --[[User:Paperoastro|Paperoastro]] ([[User talk:Paperoastro|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:44, 29 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{oppose}} We are loosing the concept of database and we are transforming Wikidata into a links directory. There is a difference between interwiki links of articles and those of templates/subpages: article interwikis can be considered as a dictionary or at least as connection between corresponding knowledge thema in different languages and that's part of the knowledge. Templates and subpages not. [[User:Snipre|Snipre]] ([[User talk:Snipre|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 12:23, 4 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{Oppose}} per [[User:Snipre|Snipre]]. — [[User talk:TintoMeches|<span style=""font-family:Georgia; color:black"">TintoMeches</span>]], 13:14, 4 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
**[[Wikidata:Notability]] says, Wikidata in its first phases has two main goals: <u>to centralize interlanguage links across Wikimedia projects</u> and to serve as a general knowledge base for the world at large. [[Wikidata:Requests for comment/Inclusion of non-article pages|Template pages are inclused]].--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 16:09, 15 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}}--[[User:Arbnos|Arbnos]] ([[User talk:Arbnos|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 21:01, 22 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{Oppose}} [[User:GerardM|GerardM]] ([[User talk:GerardM|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 06:12, 6 February 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{neutral}} [[User:Matěj Suchánek|Matěj Suchánek]] ([[User talk:Matěj Suchánek|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:02, 6 February 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{neutral}} Hahc21 Already say what I want to say.<font style=""font-weight: bold; background-color: #FF0000; color: #ffffff;"">[[User:Aldnonymous|AldNon]]</font><sup>[[User_talk:Aldnonymous|Ucallinme?]]</sup> 17:43, 6 February 2014 (UTC)"
"
* {{oppose}} &ndash; We end up taking vastly increased maintenance effort for templates which oftentimes are eventually deleted anyway, especially as Lua modules become increasingly common as the load-bearing template device. If we want to carve out specific exemptions, that should be done before giving ''carte blanche'' to all subtemplates. In addition, it is not immediately clear to me which templates this proposal is purporting to carve exmeptions out for, given the vast numbers already excluded from it per the below discussion sections. --[[User:Izno|Izno]] ([[User talk:Izno|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 22:09, 9 February 2014 (UTC)"
"

===Include subtemplates with only one sitelink===
*{{oppose}} [[User:Yamaha5|Yamaha5]] ([[User talk:Yamaha5|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 11:25, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Oppose}} — [[User:Hahc21|<font color=""#333333"">'''ΛΧΣ'''</font>]][[User_talk:Hahc21|<font color=""#336699"">'''<sup>21</sup>'''</font>]] 14:51, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Oppose}}--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:56, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Oppose}}–[[User:Ebraminio|ebraminio]]<sup>[[User talk:Ebraminio|talk]]</sup> 18:27, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Oppose}} –-[[User:Calak|Calak]] ([[User talk:Calak|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:40, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{o}} --'''[[User:Rschen7754|Rs]][[User talk:Rschen7754|chen]][[Special:Contributions/Rschen7754|7754]]''' 22:15, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
* {{S}} even if that sitelink is to a template on wikidata (once sitelinks to wikidata pages are enabled). [[User:Filceolaire|Filceolaire]] ([[User talk:Filceolaire|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 23:04, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
** {{ping|Filceolaire}}Oops. there're 700000+ subtemplates about data in Chinese administrative divisions [//zh.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Special%3A%E6%89%80%E6%9C%89%E9%A1%B5%E9%9D%A2&from=PRC+admin%2Fdata&to=&namespace=10]. Liangent-bot has already imported all data to Wikidata but these subtemplates still used in articles. (i.e. Articles will use data in Wikidata, but not now; these templates will only be a backup for data in 2011) So, do they worth being creating items about?--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 04:14, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
::Hmmm. Maybe not. [[User:Filceolaire|Filceolaire]] ([[User talk:Filceolaire|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 21:06, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
* {{oppose}} --[[User:Paperoastro|Paperoastro]] ([[User talk:Paperoastro|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:45, 29 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{oppose}} — [[User talk:TintoMeches|<span style=""font-family:Georgia; color:black"">TintoMeches</span>]], 13:30, 1 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
* {{o}} [[User:Matěj Suchánek|Matěj Suchánek]] ([[User talk:Matěj Suchánek|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:09, 5 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
* {{o}} [[User:GerardM|GerardM]] ([[User talk:GerardM|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 06:13, 6 February 2014 (UTC)"
"

===Exclude some template's subpages===
*{{ping|Hahc21|Yamaha5}} this is to '''exclude''' some template's subpages, so support means they should not have items.--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:55, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"

====Exclude /doc page====
*{{support}} /doc subpages shouldn't have any Item because they are not dependent pages and their master page has item [[User:Yamaha5|Yamaha5]] ([[User talk:Yamaha5|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 11:22, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*<s>{{Support}}</s>{{Oppose}} I see the eventual usefulness of having items for the documentation pages of templates. — [[User:Hahc21|<font color=""#333333"">'''ΛΧΣ'''</font>]][[User_talk:Hahc21|<font color=""#336699"">'''<sup>21</sup>'''</font>]] 14:54, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
**Probably you mean oppose?--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:56, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
***This is weird. Was this RfC refactored at a later date? because I remember that my votes originally matched my reasonings. Nevermind though. — [[User:Hahc21|<font color=""#333333"">'''ΛΧΣ'''</font>]][[User_talk:Hahc21|<font color=""#336699"">'''<sup>21</sup>'''</font>]] 23:23, 2 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{Support}} No need to have items.--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:56, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Support}} –[[User:Ebraminio|ebraminio]]<sup>[[User talk:Ebraminio|talk]]</sup> 18:27, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Support}} –-[[User:Calak|Calak]] ([[User talk:Calak|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:40, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{strong support}} of course--[[User:분당선M|{{User:분당선M/langswitch}}]] ([[User talk:분당선M|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 20:35, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{s}} --'''[[User:Rschen7754|Rs]][[User talk:Rschen7754|chen]][[Special:Contributions/Rschen7754|7754]]''' 22:16, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{s}} I started their deletion (and pause that during this discussion). --[[User:Nouill|Nouill]] ([[User talk:Nouill|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:41, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{o}} I think there could be some overlap between languages. [[User:Ajraddatz|Ajraddatz]] <small>([[User Talk:Ajraddatz|Talk]])</small> 17:18, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} --[[User:Paperoastro|Paperoastro]] ([[User talk:Paperoastro|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:46, 29 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{strong support}} [[User:Matěj Suchánek|Matěj Suchánek]] ([[User talk:Matěj Suchánek|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:33, 30 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} [[User:John Vandenberg|John Vandenberg]] ([[User talk:John Vandenberg|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 05:42, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} [[User:Delusion23|'''<font color=""green"">Del</font><big><sub><font color=""black"">♉</font></sub></big><font color=""green"">sion</font><font color=""black"">23</font>''']] [[User talk:Delusion23|<font color=""green"">(talk)</font>]] 11:27, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} — [[User talk:TintoMeches|<span style=""font-family:Georgia; color:black"">TintoMeches</span>]], 13:28, 1 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
* {{Support}} [[User:EugeneZelenko|EugeneZelenko]] ([[User talk:EugeneZelenko|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:44, 1 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
* {{Support}} [[User:GerardM|GerardM]] ([[User talk:GerardM|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 06:14, 6 February 2014 (UTC)"
"
* {{Support}} The important part is only the template itself so they can copy it, not the doc.<font style=""font-weight: bold; background-color: #FF0000; color: #ffffff;"">[[User:Aldnonymous|AldNon]]</font><sup>[[User_talk:Aldnonymous|Ucallinme?]]</sup> 06:19, 7 February 2014 (UTC)"
"

====Exclude /sandbox and /testcases====
*{{support}} with excluding /sandbox and  {{Oppose}} with excluding /testcases. as ebraminio said they be useful and it is better to have item for /testcases [[User:Yamaha5|Yamaha5]] ([[User talk:Yamaha5|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 11:22, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*<s>{{o}}</s>{{Support}} There is no benefit ''at all'' from having items for these two. — [[User:Hahc21|<font color=""#333333"">'''ΛΧΣ'''</font>]][[User_talk:Hahc21|<font color=""#336699"">'''<sup>21</sup>'''</font>]] 14:54, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*:Probably you mean support?--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:56, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*::I think so. [[User:Hahc21|Hahc]], did you mean to exclude both, didn't you? — [[User talk:TintoMeches|<span style=""font-family:Georgia; color:black"">TintoMeches</span>]], 14:14, 1 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*:::{{facepalm}} Yeah, I meant ''support''. — [[User:Hahc21|<font color=""#333333"">'''ΛΧΣ'''</font>]][[User_talk:Hahc21|<font color=""#336699"">'''<sup>21</sup>'''</font>]] 23:21, 2 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{Support}} No need to have items.--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:56, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Support|Support /sandbox}} and {{Oppose|oppose with excluding /testcases}}. Alright, /sandbox has not cross wiki benefit and is inside wiki stuff. But having /testcases is nice, its sub-page may be translated on each language and may have different names (translation of test, testcase, testcases, unittests, ...). For example for me as an admin on a right to left wiki it is needed to see what is expected result of a meta template like navbox or infobox adaption on other wikis like ours. As we see Wikidata as a Wikimedia communities tool for managing common data, not managing testcases is not seems right IMO. –[[User:Ebraminio|ebraminio]]<sup>[[User talk:Ebraminio|talk]]</sup> 18:27, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Oppose}} with exclude /testcases but {{Support}} exclude /sandbox.--[[User:Calak|Calak]] ([[User talk:Calak|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:46, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{s}} it's an enwiki thing, I think. --'''[[User:Rschen7754|Rs]][[User talk:Rschen7754|chen]][[Special:Contributions/Rschen7754|7754]]''' 22:16, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
::No, we do use also, [[:fa:الگو:Navbox/testcases]], please compare it with English Wikipedia version. As we do not want [[#Include subtemplates with only one sitelink]] so if it would be just enwiki thing we will not add it to Wikidata. –[[User:Ebraminio|ebraminio]]<sup>[[User talk:Ebraminio|talk]]</sup> 09:09, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*<s>{{support}}{{Unsigned|Paperoastro}}</s>
::{{ping|Paperoastro}}You forget to sign!--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 05:52, 30 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
* {{support}} --[[User:Paperoastro|Paperoastro]] ([[User talk:Paperoastro|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:30, 30 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} [[User:John Vandenberg|John Vandenberg]] ([[User talk:John Vandenberg|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 05:42, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} [[User:Delusion23|'''<font color=""green"">Del</font><big><sub><font color=""black"">♉</font></sub></big><font color=""green"">sion</font><font color=""black"">23</font>''']] [[User talk:Delusion23|<font color=""green"">(talk)</font>]] 11:27, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Support}} — [[User talk:TintoMeches|<span style=""font-family:Georgia; color:black"">TintoMeches</span>]], 13:28, 1 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} [[User:Matěj Suchánek|Matěj Suchánek]] ([[User talk:Matěj Suchánek|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 17:17, 5 February 2014 (UTC)"
"
* {{s}} [[User:GerardM|GerardM]] ([[User talk:GerardM|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 06:13, 6 February 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} --[[User:분당선M|{{User:분당선M/langswitch}}]] ([[User talk:분당선M|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 16:45, 6 February 2014 (UTC)"
"

====Exclude /TemplateData====
(Added at 07:12, 29 December 2013 (UTC)"
".)
*{{Support}} --[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 07:12, 29 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} --[[User:Paperoastro|Paperoastro]] ([[User talk:Paperoastro|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:47, 29 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} [[User:John Vandenberg|John Vandenberg]] ([[User talk:John Vandenberg|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 05:42, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Support}} — [[User talk:TintoMeches|<span style=""font-family:Georgia; color:black"">TintoMeches</span>]], 13:33, 1 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
* {{s}} [[User:GerardM|GerardM]] ([[User talk:GerardM|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 06:13, 6 February 2014 (UTC)"
"
* {{support}} [[User:Matěj Suchánek|Matěj Suchánek]] ([[User talk:Matěj Suchánek|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:02, 6 February 2014 (UTC)"
"

==Include some submodule==
*{{support}}--[[User:Arbnos|Arbnos]] ([[User talk:Arbnos|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 21:04, 22 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
===Only exclude /doc module subpage===
That is, runable submodule is allowed.
*{{support}}[[User:Yamaha5|Yamaha5]] ([[User talk:Yamaha5|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 11:22, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}}--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:56, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}}--[[User:Calak|Calak]] ([[User talk:Calak|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:43, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{comment}} What is a good example of a module subpage? [[User:John Vandenberg|John Vandenberg]] ([[User talk:John Vandenberg|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 05:43, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*:{{ping|John Vandenberg}} an example of runable module subpage is [[:en:Module:Citation/CS1]].--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 10:15, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*::Could this section renamed to 'Allow items for run-able submodules? [[User:John Vandenberg|John Vandenberg]] ([[User talk:John Vandenberg|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 11:01, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} run-able submodules. [[User:John Vandenberg|John Vandenberg]] ([[User talk:John Vandenberg|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 11:01, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} [[User:Matěj Suchánek|Matěj Suchánek]] ([[User talk:Matěj Suchánek|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:11, 5 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
* '''Comment''' &ndash; What about pages which aren't 'runable' &ndash; example the configuration pages for the Citation/CS1 modules? --[[User:Izno|Izno]] ([[User talk:Izno|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 22:12, 9 February 2014 (UTC)"
"

==Include some subportal==
*{{support}}[[User:Yamaha5|Yamaha5]] ([[User talk:Yamaha5|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 11:22, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}}--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:56, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}}--[[User:Calak|Calak]] ([[User talk:Calak|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:44, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*What is a subportal? --'''[[User:Rschen7754|Rs]][[User talk:Rschen7754|chen]][[Special:Contributions/Rschen7754|7754]]''' 22:18, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
**{{ping|Rschen7754}} i.e. portal subpage.--[[User:GZWDer|GZWDer]] ([[User talk:GZWDer|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 04:06, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{o}} without a convincing reason. Portals on different Wikipedias are designed completely differently. --'''[[User:Rschen7754|Rs]][[User talk:Rschen7754|chen]][[Special:Contributions/Rschen7754|7754]]''' 04:18, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{o}} per Rschen7754. --[[User:Nouill|Nouill]] ([[User talk:Nouill|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:41, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{comment}} What is a good example of a portal subpage?  A lot of portal subpages are template logic and subpages which are only rendered on certain days of the year.  I dont think Wikidata should be mapping the internals of how a Portal page is built. [[User:John Vandenberg|John Vandenberg]] ([[User talk:John Vandenberg|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 05:47, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{oppose}} We are loosing the concept of database and we are transforming Wikidata into a links directory. [[User:Snipre|Snipre]] ([[User talk:Snipre|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 12:25, 4 January 2014 (UTC)"
" 
*{{oppose}} per [[User:Snipre|Snipre]]. — [[User talk:TintoMeches|<span style=""font-family:Georgia; color:black"">TintoMeches</span>]], 13:13, 4 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}}--[[User:Arbnos|Arbnos]] ([[User talk:Arbnos|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 21:03, 22 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{oppose}} And if they are included, at least 2 links should be in one item. [[User:Matěj Suchánek|Matěj Suchánek]] ([[User talk:Matěj Suchánek|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 17:13, 5 February 2014 (UTC)"
"
* {{oppose}} &ndash; Per my general concerns elsewhere, as well as those stated here by Rschen. --[[User:Izno|Izno]] ([[User talk:Izno|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 22:13, 9 February 2014 (UTC)"
"
===Exclude /NavBar===
*{{oppose}}[[User:Yamaha5|Yamaha5]] ([[User talk:Yamaha5|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 11:22, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{oppose}}--[[User:Calak|Calak]] ([[User talk:Calak|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:44, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} [[User:Snipre|Snipre]] ([[User talk:Snipre|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 12:25, 4 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{Support}} — [[User talk:TintoMeches|<span style=""font-family:Georgia; color:black"">TintoMeches</span>]], 13:13, 4 January 2014 (UTC)"
"

===Exclude /box-header, /box-footer===
*{{support}}[[User:Yamaha5|Yamaha5]] ([[User talk:Yamaha5|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 11:22, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{oppose}}--[[User:Calak|Calak]] ([[User talk:Calak|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 18:44, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{support}} [[User:Snipre|Snipre]] ([[User talk:Snipre|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 12:25, 4 January 2014 (UTC)"
"
*{{Support}} — [[User talk:TintoMeches|<span style=""font-family:Georgia; color:black"">TintoMeches</span>]], 13:13, 4 January 2014 (UTC)"
"

== Status quo ==
*{{support}} --[[User:Succu|Succu]] ([[User talk:Succu|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 20:53, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
*{{Oppose}} because I don't know what is the status quo now... but after this RFC we know better what we should include here. --[[User:Stryn|Stryn]] ([[User talk:Stryn|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 09:32, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
* {{Oppose}} ??? --[[User:Nouill|Nouill]] ([[User talk:Nouill|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 15:41, 28 December 2013 (UTC)"
"

==General discussion==
*I agree that these pages most often lacks notability for ''interwiki''. But can anybody identify if there are any other functions such items can provide? -- [[User:Lavallen|Lavallen]] ([[User talk:Lavallen|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 12:17, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
** In some cases they are useful for citing ([[Help:Sources]]). The pages of [[:de:Kategorie:Vorlage:BibISBN]] imho should be imported and later step by step replaced through WD. {{p|31}} → {{Q|3331189}} --[[User:Kolja21|Kolja21]] ([[User talk:Kolja21|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 21:19, 31 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
* Is this a voting or a page to get arguments (RfC) ? --[[User:Succu|Succu]] ([[User talk:Succu|{{int:Talkpagelinktext}}]]) 20:53, 27 December 2013 (UTC)"
"
**Hmm weird, pretty sure I read '''Request for comment'''. I almost vote for some proposal though.<font style=""font-weight: bold; background-color: #FF0000; color: #ffffff;"">[[User:Aldnonymous|AldNon]]</font><sup>[[User_talk:Aldnonymous|Ucallinme?]]</sup> 17:17, 6 February 2014 (UTC)"
